So now we're ready to deploy our Java lambda function.
But to do that we're going to first have to provide the proper runtime for Java and we're going to have
to do our job for them to function and name.
So to do that.
I'm just going to go up in my project in my land of functions that profile and from there I'm just going
to provide couple of things and first of those is of course the Java lambda function name
Java lambda underscore name and I'll say basically Java lambda and function well.
All right.
So after this statement I'm going to have to provide the runtime for my Java and I'll say Java 8 runtime.
So as do value I'll provide as underscores Java 8 just like that.
So basically we're ready to move on with our implementation.
And let's just go to our deploying function.
And as you can see our deploying function is basically reading all the sources under certain directories
and uploading the file as a zip file as the bytes of those zip files.
So in the Java case in the jar file upload.
This is kind of different.
So we can't put our joão file under zip and we can't use that qualifier properly.
So to get the most out of our Java lambda function and use it properly we're going to have to upload
our jar file to AWOS and to do that.
I'm just going to go to my utility class and provide the utility method so that we can read the jar
file under the path that we're going to provide.
And from there we can basically pass in the bytes of that jar file so that we can basically process
our invocation with lambda.
So I'm just going to go to my Tilse class and that's just going to go down here and I'll provide another
static method to my implementation.
And within the static method I'll say basically def read jar file and of course I'm going to pass in
a path that I'm going to read the java file from an undisclosed end to go and read this jar file from
the path that I'm going to provide but I'm going to have to read this file with its bytes not just the
basic way of reading any file.
I'm going to have to read with bytes so I'll say with open and I'm just going to provide the path that
I'm trying to read my file and to read the bytes of a file in Python.
As you're aware of that or if you don't.
RB Is there a way to read the bytes of a given file.
So in this case I'm going to read my file as bytes and unscrewing to pass that in in a variable called
binary file.
All right.
So with this binary file I'm going to read all the bytes of that file and pass that into a data.
And for that purpose I'm just going to read the binary file with the READ statement.
All right.
So this is basically going to read all the bytes of that java jar file and pass that back to me.
So all I have to do now is basically return this data just like that.
So with this method we'll be able to read the jar file with its bytes and we can basically upload it
to A W-S lambda.
So now we can go back and move on with her implementation.
And as you can see our generic implementation is in kind of a danger.
So we're going to have to find another way to make use of this method for all of our functions like
Python no Gere's and Java.
So I'm going to go and refactor this a little so we can make use of this method with all of our implementation.
So the full path is going to be the same power park for all of our functions so we can keep that but
the zip file is going to have to change because for all the functions we're going to have to pass in
the bytes of a jar file not a zip file.
So for that purpose I'm just going to move down a little bit and open up a space right here.
So I'm going to check if the runtime is Java on time that I'm going to have to provide the jar file.
Otherwise I'll just basically pass in the price of the zip file.
So let's just say if runtime is not Java on time then basically use the zip file as the zip bytes.
That's basically the way for no JS and Python lambda functions.
But otherwise if it is the Jobar on time in the else case I'm basically going to go and read the zip
file as the jar file.
So let's just say you Tilse dot read jar file and I'm basically going to pass in the folder path.
All right.
So let's just say folder path.
And here we go.
We're good to go with our implementation.
So before we move on let's go back to Eclipse and copy our job file.
So and before actually doing that let's just go and create the directory for our jar file.
So all this go and create a new directory and I'll say Java underscore lambda.
All right.
So within this directory Let's go to our eclipse and from there let's just copy our D-Mo. that jar.
And if we go back and paste it in right here.
And here we go we have our jar file ready to be deployed on a W-S.
So now we can basically call our method for deploying our Java lambda function.
All right.
So all we have to do is to print out the response from a table with us so that see if it's successful
or not.
And within the deploy our lambda function I'm just going to pass in the name as Java lambda name.
Runtime is of course going to be Java 8 runtime and the handler is the tricky part with Java lambda
functions.
So to provide a proper handler method with Java you're going to have to be careful about the way that
you provide your handler the handlers are not simple as with the nodes and python files you're going
to have to be specific about your package and your class and the method that you want to handle the
request.
So if we go back to our eclipse and to our source file our we and the function and lets us open up our
function and from there as you can see we have the package as com dot Amazon AWOS that lambda that D-Mo..
So we're going to have to first use that qualifier so that we can access our class within that package.
So I'm just going to go back to my pie chart my ID and paste it in.
And after that we're going to have to pass in the class name for our function.
So for that I'm just going to copy the class name and go back and paste it in.
And after that I'm just going to use two semi-colons and after those two semi-colons I'm going to have
to provide the actual request handler method and which is in this case the string handle requests method.
So I just copied its name and I just paste it in just like that.
So this is basically the handler method for job functions.
You have to be very careful about the handler because it's not simple as Python or no geas equivalences.
So if we move well with our implementation and we're going to have to pro-ID roll around.
So I'm just going to provide the lambda roll around and I already have.
And the source folder is another important part here.
So we're going to have to pass in the first java lambda directory and after that of course we're going
to have to provide D-Mo. Dash 1 dot 0.0 dot jar just like that.
So we're basically ready to move on and deploy our Java lambda function.
So now I'm just going to go and comment out the previous line and now I'm just going to go and hit run
and see what's going to happen.
And since this is a Java lambda function and our jar file is kind of huge around 10 megabytes or so
with a very basic configuration because of the dependencies of Java and the runtime that has to be provided
along with it.
So is going to take some time for function to upload.
And here we go.
Our process is already complete and we have the status code as 200 and 1.
So it is basically created so we can go to our AWOS Casal and check out our Java lambda function and
to do that.
I'll see you on the next video.